tweak LSP/vscode changelog entry (#3159)
graphql/graphiql: .changeset/eight-swans-destroy.md

---
'graphql-language-service-server': patch
'vscode-graphql': patch
---

> fix: `.vue` and `.svelte` files doesn't log errors anymore when parsing with no script tag (#2836)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: `.vue` and `.svelte` files no longer log errors when parsing with no script tag (#2836)
```
